WEEK TWO: RESEARCH LOG

Technical writing is practical. There's a lot of hands such as a computer. There isn't much of a pencil or paper use. Theres a lot of computer based technolgy that is used for this type of writing. We aree Starting out with our first project which is a fanzine and coustomize a video on "How to do."
We also used legos to build something and make a powerpoint as How to build this. 
I would've added more clear explaination for my lego project because when i showed it to my class mate, it wasnt really clear but she was able to have a better understanding with the pictures that i posted.
Setting up this account was very new to me. I have never heard from it and I'm still getting use to it and seeing how everything works.
This week I learned more about what a fanzine is and getting familiar with the technology thats going on in the class.

WEEK THREE: RESEARCH LOG

So then, what is a zine? A zine (pronounced zeen) is an independently or self-published booklet, often created by physically cutting and gluing text and images together onto a master flat for photocopying, 
but it is also common to produce the master by typing and formatting pages on a computer. The publication is usually folded and stapled. Historically, zines have been around since 1776 when Thomas Paine 
self-published Common Sense and used it as an instrument in promoting the ideas that contributed to the U.S. War for Independence. Just a perfect example to demonstrate the free spirit of zine culture. 
Zine comes from fanzine which is a term that generally describes a small-circulation science fiction publication. Fanzines first appeared in the late 1920s. Zines were used to promote punk music in the 
1970s, a time when this type of music received very little interest from the larger press music. This phenomenon spawned a new interest in self-publishing. There are many bold, funny and beautifully 
designed zines out there.
Pumpkin keg is our zine. I joinned late with my group, so they had already decided what
the topic was going to be about. The audience is young adults-older adults.Its halloween.

